so many bears in Churchill this year may
be a major headache for Wade but they're
a great opportunity for Paula cook one
of her favorite spots is outside the
control zone near ahoskie breeding
center used to come out here and watch
the Bears and the Bears interact with
the dogs and there's a bear their looks
like a big boy oh he's a beauty hi we
were out here one year and dogs got all
excited and we couldn't figure out why
this bear came out it was a big bear too
he goes over to the end dog and they
greet each other and they they mouth
each other and all this and then they're
playing and walking around and the dogs
all over the bear the bear sits down on
the dogs all over him and then the bear
got up and he had the dog's head in his
mouth and everybody out here with guns
everybody got their guns up they thought
this is not going to be a good seem and
the bear rolled oil on his back and the
dog was on the oh he's just all over the
bear and it was so neat to see because
the bear was so big and then you had
this black dog in the size difference
and his mouth like his mouth could take
that whole dog and just snap him like
that and he was so gentle with him
here's one coming up behind us now no
watch these two when did this little
ones a female
her head is smaller she's got a longer
neck oh yes yes go on hmm okay up up
come on stand up yes yes come on I like
how they mold each other look it look it
look it oh yes I just love it
you